They looked up at the stars
With godly fear in their hearts.
They thanked their God up above
For revealing to them His love.
So You gave them your name,
A Kingdom hope to proclaim.
They’re words preserved for our day.
They’re faithful words to show us the way.
They loved you from their heart,
And they were proud to play their part—
Approved by you to preserve your Word,
Wrote it down so you would be heard.
Your Word endures forever,
And your sayings are, oh, so deep.
The good news you declare
is a breath of fresh air,
And your sayings I just want to keep.
Oh, whatever Your enemies tried,
They could not silence You.
Your loyal ones who loved your Word
Kept their faith, integrity too.
And when they tried to ban their Bibles,
They were prepared to give their lives.
For so strong was their faith
and the witness they gave,
Not one of your words was erased.
And so your Word endures forever,
And your sayings are, oh, so deep.
The good news you declare
is a breath of fresh air,
And your sayings I just want to keep.
And you told us your name is Jehovah.
In your Word it’s plain to see.
So your name will endure,
All your words will come true,
And we’ll praise you all of our days.
So your Word endures forever,
And your sayings are, oh, so deep.
The good news you declare
is a breath of fresh air,
And your sayings I just want to keep,
All of my days.